TCD-2819: Typo and minor adjustments (#1968)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/secure-connections/sauce-connect/setup-configuration/environment-variables.md

## Command Line Options Environment Variables

You can set via environment variables almost all Sauce Connect Proxy [command-line options](/dev/cli/sauce-connect-proxy).
Each option description includes the corresponding environment variable.

### Use Cases

We recommend configuring options via environment variables in the following scenarios.

- Sauce Connect Proxy command is too long and not easily readable.

> - Sauce Connect Proxy runs in a docker container, and CI system (such as GitLab) allows an easy way to set environment variables.

Author: ```suggestion
- Sauce Connect Proxy runs in a docker container, and CI system (such as GitLab) allows a straightforward way to set environment variables.
```

> - Sauce Connect Proxy runs in a docker container, and CI system (such as GitLab) allows a straightforward way to set environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sauce Connect Proxy runs in a docker container, and a CI system (such as GitLab) allows a straightforward way to set environment variables.
```
